hi I'm Selia Wilson and welcome to our
fourth simple projects video we're going
to learn how to make snacks tax all you
need is a paper bag markers for
decorating a fruit cup or a pudding cup
of cracker packer sunflower seeds a meat
stick or two SP next a vitamin C fruit
snacks a granola bar bottled water and a
personal item like tissues a coma or to
Thresh so what you're going to do first
is you're actually going to take your
paper bag and use the markers to
decorate i'm just going to write snacks
out and drop you doodles around it so
once i have all it rahman and beautiful
take my items and place them in the bag
do one of each kind for each bag so if
you're going to do it if the truth or
group i would suggest buying things in
both maybe even having each member bring
a certain thing for instance i got the
huge pack of the sort of nuts really
easy and will make bunch of snacks x
perfect now that I got my snacks oh and
there it is you're working with little
kids I would have a parent or adult
check it before you send it off so that
make sure it's nice and thick so what
I'm going to do with my snack sack is
actually take it to a place like men or
a homeless shelter can also take to any
food shelter pretty much anywhere will
use it thank you